hello and welcome to another exclusive
review with me Alex Belfort here at
celebrity radio tapas where last year we
have over 6 million minutes viewed on
YouTube this week we turn our attentions
to one of my favorite musicals The Lion
King Disney's spectacular musical and
without question their most successful
of all time this musical is beautiful
and it's for all the family you can't
deny its success it made over a billion
dollars around the world since its
opened on Broadway
that doesn't include all of its tours
and shows in the West End and the rest
of the world it's the most moving
spectacular and brilliance of all the
Disney musicals this show has heart The
Lion King features music by Elton John
and of course songs like can you feel
the love tonight the story is one of
love and bond friendship family and of
course pride in both senses of the word
I've been lucky enough to see this show
probably 50 times around the world in
Vegas on Broadway and in the West End
never ceases to amaze the idea of the
show is to show a pride of lions and the
bond between mother and father father
and mother mother and daughter and of
course ultimately two Cubs who fall in
love the father and the uncle is where
the fun comes into the show the brother
scar is of course a toe rag he's a guy
who's a schema and plans to murder Simba
the lion cubs father Mufasa he doesn't
make it through the second act this of
course is a moving show because with
life comes death it's the circle of life
for theme tune to this musical which
opens the show with the most brilliant
opening I've ever seen anywhere in the
world frankly for my 65 pounds I'd be
happy to pay just to see the opening 7
minutes of the show the circle of life
is a masterpiece of music and the way
they've staged it I won't give it away
but look behind you that's all I'm gonna
say
you will not cease to be amazed by what
they do with the beautiful puppets that
go through the audience what is also
brilliant about this musical is the live
music the African drums are based on
both sides of the theatre left and right
and of course all of the music is live
and is incredibly mu
living with those live beats this show
also has great humor
there's our zoo the parrot as well as
Pumbaa and Timon who have equally as
many silly moments that will make the
kids laugh the great thing about this
show is there's two levels to it the
kids will get certain ganks the parents
will get both ganks but ultimately you
all leave absolutely enthralled by this
wonderful musical what is most important
about this musical is there is a sense
of heart and feeling and emotion and you
leave it feeling fulfilled you're left
questioning your relationship with your
parents and siblings and of course how
you're gonna move on and make sure that
you don't make the same mistakes that
some characters doing this musical it
does make you think and of course the
beautiful African element fills you with
a sense of awe and grandeur the scene at
the end when the Sun rises and of course
the circle of life begins once again as
they look out over the Savannah is truly
moving and there is not a dry eye in the
house I can't say enough good things
about the Lion King
it is literally on in almost every major
city around the world and it deserves to
be there aren't many musicals stay on
for more than a year let alone 10 years
this has broken all records
it's your billion dollar musical
Disney's Lion King is under the Lyceum
Theatre in the West End of London and it
also takes place eight times a week on
Broadway don't miss Disney's The Lion
King frankly one of the best musicals in
the world certainly in terms of family
musicals this will take all the boxes to
give you a great afternoon or evening
out you've been listening to another
review with me Alex Bell field here at
celebrity radio featuring The Lion King
where you can hear exclusive interviews
with all the cast members on Broadway
and in the West End at celebrity radio
dot peas thanks for tuning in and find
our other reviews and interviews
hundreds of them at celebrity radio
stoppers see you soon
tella